- Manny Ramirez and Sanchez who throws the big day center that he could not
arrive values ​​vary the ball in goal area
a lot of families
center
is fully enabled
let's see what happens has become the ball arrives
crime like karate kid commanded to keep ladies and gentlemen
markarián announced seville and villarreal
professionalism
the defense of the villarreal
that was the south
own weight when in a repetition victory is not enabled
in out of place
It was perotti
and I was not registered in the league on the day of the wedding
in the scenario called the eleven
four goals in the league and it will be the clean and jerk that are playing very well the
move
they do not stay stuck in the exit of the villarreal and for that reason the first goal
of the party a man who does not forgive
the prize to the team that has had the greatest intention
and greater network of
rentería of the ball because since the match began sevilla is the one
has had more the ball so
at this moment ghana the local
1 to 0 minute 10 and the villarreal tried to shake
but the repetition of the crossbar
enabled to raise my hand
they all look relieved but it was enabled Luis Fabiano who received the
ball
with an impressive class like the low
and it ends up defining someone is absolutely vital never fails
the party should not consist of Luis Fabiano thus become Rome with
the sherpas assange the ball inside
He asserted that the pp
great
hand to hand
the foot marked very well and has been the ball to get the defense meets
a civil
is entering the seville is coming they end up believing milan
facing problems the level was a defense that of Algeria in the neighborhood by
half
precisely victory in dación take advantage of spaces and English the sun
be taken very well history and culture for the children and returned it
a sanchez relief center where the feeling of admiration is shown
towards the corner kick
the defenses have an insulin
an absolutely normal let's see
from a criminal
yes principle were two strong
very attentive kilo again marcano that begins to take is not to thank
bruno that throw inside attention can come to vote them touched
Senator Ernesto Agazzi
to the ladies and gentlemen who basso
in the dangerous zone in plenary the ointment is returned
to score the third goal in this league for purposes the Frenchman who wants
revive ladies and gentlemen tied the match at minute 29 before baroque
That's the way it is
that a prize for the villarreal to cidao one of the ten minutes of the
conclusion that the ball had the villarreal
he was very bad the good traffic he was losing
let's say the north when it reached three quarters of court when a request
peral nasrallah of life to seville
that you were sure that the open framework fits your Italian journey can only
human hand opens for negredo negredo that makes you your first balance
artistic friends and that fence was loose and tells him not to that the shot of
corner
playing the local counterattack in this opportunity for little gets and if
above
the excellent
the ball in auction after the pass josé Luis Fabiano is great
for negredo and negredo
he understands that he had to hit the arch instead of looking for the wall
and almost managed to oslo to pillar the wedding there are no pibes pires the center for
the children and the goal that was already devoured blind lofiego the goalkeeper goes
stolen lives - j
accuses
we would be talking good things
a ball that was left
both the rejection of the narco archer at his disposal delayed the center of
pires did not arrive rossi but it benefited foster kevin and has been a
great job ladies and gentlemen at the time of match the villarreal of the
back won two for one in Seville
long faces doubly in the sanchez pizjuán months the sector of the field
five signatures
to today's soccer
of the villarreal ball by left the rebound
and in the end the one that came
after the long pass of change of life the center
percent and pires
upon arriving rossi the distillery bouncing his first goal from the post
attention a headbutt of nicoya
go jokey jo jo
definitely
puts the brace of the perfect angle puts it to the furthest pole of the goalkeeper
what a great goal for the Californian to reach five goals in the league and
the center of adriano just entered the masterful header
and the games tied by two at minute 61 3 cani entry
Be part of the Miranda family
you can see what Adriano does
Very comfortable g follows you with left after
the perceived amount
imposes the center
the hurricane center
Seville
the lady says that you have to stand in line
He scored a great goal
after nobody followed him
at the 66th minute of the game Sevilla sells it back 3 to 2 wins in a
great football match
he came back
of kanouté